DOCSP-32370 Add Field Customization Content (#49)
mongodb/docs-relational-migrator: source/mapping-rules/fields/calculated-fields/customized-id-fields.txt

.. _rm-id-field-customizations:

====================
Customize ID Fields
====================

.. contents:: On this page
   :local:
   :backlinks: none
   :depth: 2
   :class: singlecol

> You can customize a ``_id`` field as part of your sync job.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can customize an ``_id`` field as part of your sync job.
```

Customized ``_id`` fields allow you to change a field's BSON data type 
and write custom JavaScript expressions instead of using a project's
:ref:`Key Handling Option <rm-key-handling-setting>`.
Customized ``_id`` fields **must** evaluate to a unique value.

About this Task
---------------

- You may want to use customized ``_id`` fields to make your ``_id`` field
  more expressive. For example, you can concatenate multiple fields to form
  a unique ``_id``.

> - You can revert the custom id changes at anytime, and the ``_id`` field 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can revert the custom ID changes at anytime, and the ``_id`` field 
```

> - You can revert the custom ID changes at anytime, and the ``_id`` field 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- You can revert the custom ID changes at any time. The ``_id`` field 
```

>   returns to project's :ref:`Key Handling Option <rm-key-handling-setting>`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  returns to the project's :ref:`Key Handling Option <rm-key-handling-setting>`.
```

Steps
-----

#. From the :guilabel:`Mapping` screen, click a table or collection name

>    on the :guilabel:`schema model` pane or diagram view.

Reviewer 2: "Schema" is capitalized in the GUI, so we should also do so when using the GUI label tag. Applies globally.

```suggestion
   on the :guilabel:`Schema model` pane or diagram view.
```

#. From the :guilabel:`schema model` pane, 
   click the :icon-fa5:`pencil-alt` icon next to a mapping rule.

#. Click the :icon-fa5:`ellipsis-v` icon next to the :guilabel:`_id` field
   and select :guilabel:`Transform to calculated field`.

#. (Optional) Select a :guilabel:`BSON type`.

> #. (Optional) Select a :guilabel:`Null handlings` option.

Reviewer 2: [Accuracy] The field in the GUI is "Null handling" rather than "Null handlings". Please apply this change globally.

```suggestion
#. (Optional) Select a :guilabel:`Null handling` option.
```

>    - :guilabel:`Omit`: null values are not inserted into your 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - :guilabel:`Omit`: Null values are not inserted into your 
```

     destination collection.

>    - :guilabel:`Insert as null`: null values are inserted into the destination

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - :guilabel:`Insert as null`: Null values are inserted into the destination
```

     collection. 

#. Enter a valid JavaScript expression. For examples, see 

>    :ref:`valid JavaScript expression<calculated-field-examples>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :ref:`valid JavaScript expressions<calculated-field-examples>`.
```
